[Music]
you know people who solve at least ten
riddles a week have 60% faster reactions
and can get out of dangerous situations
40% more easily than those who don't
okay I just made that up but riddles do
improve your memory and concentration
just try these puzzles out and check
your results at the end one a menacing
house
Michael got lost when he was mushroom
hunting after hours of trying to find
his way out of the woods he came across
a house that seemed to be deserted still
he decided to try his luck and ask for
directions when he entered the house the
door slammed behind his back with a loud
bang he then heard an eerie voice you've
entered my home uninvited but you won't
leave it so easily Michael found himself
in a room with three doors the voice
sounded again if only one of these doors
leads to freedom behind the first you'll
find starving wolves who won't think
twice about making you their dinner the
second or hides millions of venomous
spiders if you opened a third door
you'll be met by a huge raging fire
choose wisely you have only ten seconds
to find your way to freedom
[Music]
Michael should choose the third door
he'll then just need to wait until the
fire goes out number two an encrypted
note mark was a detective working on a
difficult case when one day he just
disappeared the only thing he left
behind was a mysterious encrypted note
there were three suspects who had seen
mark last janitor Mike forensic
scientists bill and secretary Mary can
you decipher the note and figure out who
kidnapped the detective
[Music]
after cracking the code in the note the
investigators realized that the
kidnapper was Mike hmm I guess he made
it out of that menacing house number
three a mirror mystery you'll get lost
in the woods on a dark stormy night of
course you come across a lonesome castle
and knock on the door the owner greets
you with an odd request you have to
answer just one question if you win I'll
provide you with food and a warm bed and
in the morning I'll show you the way out
of the forest but if you lose you'll
never leave my castle again hmm sounds
like Beauty and the Beast to me anyway
he gives you no other choice so you
agree to the challenge he then asks
there are four mirrors on the wall
the first reflects the fire-breathing
dragon near it
the second the beautiful mermaid Laura
in the third mirror you can see the
terrifying vampire Vlad and in the
fourth the unicorn David you have just
ten seconds to figure out which
reflection is in Dario
[Music]
the reflection in the third mirror can't
pick vampires don't have reflections
number four a stolen car on Tuesday
afternoon a man came to the police
station and said that his car had been
stolen detective Brown asked the man to
take him to the scene of the theft they
went to a movie theater the man
explained the wife and I came here to
see a movie yesterday we left the car in
the parking lot but when we came out the
car was gone
thank goodness I'm insured against theft
but I'd still like to get my car back
detective Brown examined the scene and
immediately knew who the criminal was
have you figured it out
[Music]
the man is lying to get the insurance
money there were no movies on Monday 5
an unfriendly shop owner Jakob owned an
electronics store in a small town one
day a massive crowd of people showed up
and no wonder a new $1000 gaming console
had just hit the shelves
Jakob was swamped with sales from
morning till late evening just as he was
about to close a man rushed in to make a
purchase
he asked for a console and had in Jacob
two bills he had enough money to buy the
console and he didn't even need change
but the store owner immediately called
the police why the console cost one
thousand dollars but the man gave Jacob
only two bills that means he gave him
two worth $500 each and those don't
exist 6 a rabbit puzzle you've bought a
cute little rabbit at a pet store the
animal can breed every two months and
each time it'll deliver five babies so
how many rabbits will you have in a year
you have only 10 seconds to do the math
[Music]
you'll still have just one if you want
little bunnies you'll need to buy two
rabbits seven a hotel theft newlyweds
Maria and Daniel went to an island in
the Indian Ocean for their honeymoon
they stayed in a luxurious hotel but one
day when they returned from dinner
they found that someone had broken into
their safe and stolen all of Maria's
jewelry there were four suspects a maid
their neighbors in the room next door
and the hotel manager the maid claimed
that she hadn't cleaned any rooms on the
newlyweds for that day the neighbor said
they'd been on an excursion all day and
it just returned and the hotel manager
stated that he'd had several important
meetings with clients and hadn't left
his office so who was the thief the
neighbors stole the jewelry otherwise
why would they need a bolt cutter on an
excursion number eight move a cop
take a look at this picture you must
move just one cup in the top row so that
they'll be arranged in the same order as
the cups in the bottom row do you think
you can manage it within ten seconds
[Music]
just pour the water from the first cup
into the fourth one and place the
now-empty cup at the very end of the rub
hey it's only one cup to move nine a
stolen turkey a very distressed farmer
came to the police complaining that
someone had stolen his biggest most
valuable turkey what upset him more than
anything though was that it happened
right before his birthday when a police
officer came to the farm to investigate
he headed straight for the turkey
enclosure when the bird saw him he
started flapping their wings and
gobbling really loud the farmer
explained that it was their typical
reaction to strangers the police officer
asked to examine the house and after a
couple of minutes he knew who had stolen
the turkey and how about you nobody
stole the bird the farmer's wife decided
to surprise her husband and roasted the
turkey for his birthday he wouldn't have
heard any noise coming from the pen
since the wife is no stranger to the
birds
number 10 an unlucky skydiver NIC was an
experienced guy diver but one day
something went terribly wrong a strong
wind blew him into a forest and the man
found himself on a bench trees with no
food or water
so Nick saw four roads in front of him
one led to a supermassive black hole
that was sucking up everything around
ii ended in a river full of piranhas the
third road led to mountains that were
impossible to climb and the fourth row
ended in an infinite abyss which path
should nick take he should follow the
third row no one said he had to climb
over the mountains he can simply go
around them 11 a dream job Tyler is just
24 years old but he already works for a
big successful company he always flies
first class and stays at the best hotels
he doesn't sell or buy anything but he
spends a lot of time with wealthy
business people when he talks people
listen to him attentively there's no way
the company could go without his
expertise what is Tyler's occupation he
is a flight attendant and now the moment
you've been waiting for your results if
your score is zero to three correct
answers by all means avoid any situation
where you need to choose a door or solve
a mystery but it's not all bad go crack
some more riddles
there are plenty here on the bright side
if you've saw four to seven puzzles you
do alright on a game show just don't
become a detective or anything a little
more practice and you should be golden
and if the number of riddles you've
cracked is 8 to 11 you can rightfully
tell your friends you're the smartest
person they know and modest too hey tell
me how you did down in the comments if
you learn something new today then give
the video a like and share it with a
friend
here are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life